TODO
    X add all new recipes
    X play audio when each thing is played 
    X add mute button
    X show unlock requirements in adding pad 
    X BUG: setup three steps and it's just playing the last one. I think it might be playing all of them at the same time.
    beepbeep has a slight click sound   
    show how much you have in [] in the ingredient of craftables for record menu
    change record to stop instead of leaving it as record when you're recording
    when a player doesn't have the req materials to craft, it should disable the pad and turn it yellow.
    in step unlock caption, make which ones are already assigned with underline and mark the ones you have the ingredients for with bold (something like that)
    BUG: when pattern is clear and you press play, it just plays pad 1
    instead of waiting for the empty spots when playing the pattern, just skip back to the begiing, (i will maybe add a silent spot later) 
    display a message when you've unlocked all stops
    MAYBE: separate steps into 4/4
    

Design
    While it's mechanically interesting on a very simple level, mechanically, 
    there becomes an issue when you run out of pads. Lets try pad banks.

    When recording, should it automatically clear it or just constantly append it until it reaches the end THEN clear it?

    One thing I would be an interesing angle to take the game's design is to add a 
    rhythm element to it. It just lends itself very well to that mechanic.
    
    A shortcoming of the game is there is only ONE way to go forward in the game. The same path for all progression.

    Another shortcoming is that as it wokrs right now, the programming is tied the UI pad buttons and not the samples, so when you go to a different bank, it'll stop playing if nothing is there

    For unlocking the next step, it's relatively trivial to click once and have it unloock that step.

    Also, there's not a lot of utility for unlocking a step, as it currently stands. It's actually kind of a hindrance because it's not doing anything for the empty ones.

    It might be helpful to have a button automatically assign all of the resources to a pad.
